Master Xu, you are here
After all, you have to save your strength
Take care of me
Get your hands off me!
How can I talk to Master Xu?
If you dare to do it again
Careful addition
Xiao Qinghe, I advise you to figure out the situation quickly
Who do you really think wants to get in your used car?
Your parents begged me to come
Master Xue is angry
That guy is ignorant
I advised him to hurry up
I'm busy.
You can catch up with my Jiangdong Xu family
It is the eight generations of your Qiao family ancestors who have accumulated virtue
You taught a good lesson, haha.
Master Xu
Now the Qiao family's financial crisis is all relying on you
Haha, money.
Stop being obsessed
Hurry up and express it to Master Xu
I only have one man
That's Lin Fan
What did he tell you?
Qiao Qinghe
I tell you the truth
Lin Fan has been beaten by my good brother
Throw it down five ways from the Shen Group
The one that fell is called a shredded one.
jump
Ha ha.
You even want to see his corpse
Lin Fan promised me
He'll be fine.
Qiao Qinghe?
You are such a stupid woman
When he fell downstairs
I'm downstairs
Human head smashed into dog head
I think you are the dog's head
Ah!